### 2021-02-04

A follow up my previous post about updating my dev environmet.

In the end, I switched to Alacritty. Honestly setting it up was a bit of a pain, 
but it is it really worth it? No idea. But I like the lack of tabs, which more
or less forces me to use tmux, as I previously mentioned. And I have an automated
build process with Docker configured, that I'll put up on GitHub sometime.

Additionally, I've progressed quite a bit on configuring my .vimrc. Historically I've
never strayed far from defaults for a few reasons. First, I haved worked in number of secure
and/or airgapped environments where I can't bring in a custom .vimrc. Growing used to/dependent
on customization is difficult if you can't synchronize these settings. So I usually just did:
`set nu` and `set background=dark` and just lived with the rest. Same with tmux. This habit just
kind of stuck with me. But then I worked at a company where I was editing a ton of SaltStack forumulas
 (.sls) and Jinja2 templates (.template) and since these are still YAML files, I wanted syntax highlighting.
So I ended up configuring my .vimrc to recognize these as such. And then got a nice PS1 configured based
on when I was using `fish` and ported it to back to `bash`. And thus was born my `dotfiles` repo.

But still, I ended up being pretty in Visual Studio Code, despite having misgivings about the telemetry and
supporting a product that has kind of sucked all the oxygen out of the room with regards to graphical text
editors. I know one person who still uses Sublime and even they're considering switching. But momentum is 
powerful and when you're engaged with various customers, it's easy to request VS Code on your customer provided
gear. Everyone knows what it is, and chances are most of their dev team is already using it. And the built-in
stuff like remote editing or editing in a container is pretty sexy. Yes, Vim works over SSH too, but it VS Code
handles latency spikes waaaaaay better. As in, it actually seems to handle latency spikes.

Ultimately the shell still calls to me. I don't like using VS Code's built Git tooling and just defaulted to
using `git` in the shell. Which meant I was always switching windows. And again, the telemetry and the fact that
I'm supporting a bit of an editor hegemony. I considered switching to VS Codium but it's ulimately a worse 
version of VS Code. So here I am.

I think my choices split the difference between heavy customization and sticking to defaults. I've installed
a single plugin at the moment, and that's just a color palette, [gruvbox](https://github.com/morhetz/gruvbox)
which I absolutely adore. I've configured Alacritty to use the same colors as well.

For file browsing I'm using `netrw` with a few small customizations gleaned from [here](https://shapeshed.com/vim-netrw/).
This gives me exactly what I want, a file browser tucked off to the left and opening files to the right.

Right now I'm investigating Git plugins and looking at [vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive). I
don't need complex things. I need simple things that add a bit of polish and reduced friction to existing 
tooling.  
